web/modules/contrib/webform/README.md, before:

Webform 8.x-5.x
---------------

### About this Module

The Webform module is a form builder and submission manager for Drupal 8.

The primary use case for this module is to:

- **Build** a new webform or duplicate an existing template
- **Publish** the webform as a page, node, or block
- **Collect** submissions
- **Send** confirmations and notifications
- **Review** submissions online
- **Download** submissions as a CSV


### Goals

- A comprehensive form and survey building solution for Drupal 8. 
- A stable, maintainable, and tested API for building forms and handling submission.
- A pluggable/extensible API for custom form elements and submission handling. 


### Demo

> [Watch a demo](http://youtu.be/sQGsfQ_LZJ4) of the Webform module.

> Evaluate this project online using [simplytest.me](https://simplytest.me/project/webform/8.x-5.x).


### Installing the Webform Module

1. Copy/upload the webform module to the modules directory of your Drupal
   installation.

2. Enable the 'Webform' module and desired sub-modules in 'Extend'. 
   (/admin/modules)

3. Set up user permissions. (/admin/people/permissions#module-webform)

4. Build a new webform (/admin/structure/webform)
   or duplicate an existing template (/admin/structure/webform/templates).
   
5. Publish your webform as a:

    - **Page:** By linking to the published webform.
      (/webform/contact)  

    - **Node:** By creating a new node that references the webform.
      (/node/add/webform)

    - **Block:** By placing a Webform block on your site.
      (/admin/structure/block)

6. (optional) Install third party libraries(/admin/help/webform).

7. (optional) Install add-on contrib modules](/admin/structure/webform/addons).


### Releases

Even though the Webform module is still under active development with
regular [beta releases](https://www.drupal.org/documentation/version-info/alpha-beta-rc),
all existing configuration and submission data will be maintained and updated 
between releases.  **APIs can and will be changing** while this module moves 
from beta releases to a final release candidate. 

Simply put, if you install and use the Webform module out of the box AS-IS, 
you _should_ be okay. Once you start extending webforms with plugins, altering 
hooks, and overriding templates, you will need to read each release's 
notes and assume that _things will be changing_.


### Project Status

- [Webform Project Board](https://contribkanban.com/board/webform/8.x-5.x)


### Similar Modules

- **[Comparison of Webform Building Modules](https://www.drupal.org/node/2083353)**  
  Drupal has a lot of modules aimed at helping site builders and users add webforms 
  to their sites. The [Comparison of Webform Building Modules](https://www.drupal.org/node/2083353) 
  page includes rough comparisons of three of them for Drupal 8 and five of them
  for Drupal 7.

Commit message:

Drupal upgrade/update to 8.6.7 and all modules

web/modules/contrib/webform/README.md, after:

Webform 8.x-5.x
---------------

### About this Module

The Webform module is a form builder and submission manager for Drupal 8.

The primary use case for this module is to:

- **Build** a new webform or duplicate an existing template
- **Publish** the webform as a page, node, or block
- **Collect** submissions
- **Send** confirmations and notifications
- **Review** submissions online
- **Download** submissions as a CSV


### Goals

- A comprehensive form and survey building solution for Drupal 8. 
- A stable, maintainable, and tested API for building forms and handling submission.
- A pluggable/extensible API for custom form elements and submission handling. 


### Demo

> [Watch a demo](http://youtu.be/sQGsfQ_LZJ4) of the Webform module.

> Evaluate this project online using [simplytest.me](https://simplytest.me/project/webform/8.x-5.x).


### Installing the Webform Module

1. Copy/upload the webform module to the modules directory of your Drupal
   installation.

2. Enable the 'Webform' module and desired sub-modules in 'Extend'. 
   (/admin/modules)

3. Set up user permissions. (/admin/people/permissions#module-webform)

4. Build a new webform (/admin/structure/webform)
   or duplicate an existing template (/admin/structure/webform/templates).
   
5. Publish your webform as a:

    - **Page:** By linking to the published webform.
      (/webform/contact)  

    - **Node:** By creating a new node that references the webform.
      (/node/add/webform)

    - **Block:** By placing a Webform block on your site.
      (/admin/structure/block)

6. (optional) Install third party libraries(/admin/help/webform).

7. (optional) Install add-on contrib modules](/admin/structure/webform/addons).


### Upgrading from pre-release versions

All existing configuration and submission data was maintained and updated 
through the beta and rc release cycles. 
**APIs have changed** during these release cycles. 

Simply put, if you installed and used the Webform module out of the box AS-IS, 
and now you want to upgrade to a full release, then 
you _should_ be okay. If you extended webforms with plugins, altered 
hooks, and overrode templates, you will need to read each release's 
notes and assume that _things have changed_.


### Project Status

- [Webform Project Board](https://contribkanban.com/board/webform/8.x-5.x)


### Similar Modules

- **[Comparison of Webform Building Modules](https://www.drupal.org/node/2083353)**  
  Drupal has a lot of modules aimed at helping site builders and users add webforms 
  to their sites. The [Comparison of Webform Building Modules](https://www.drupal.org/node/2083353) 
  page includes rough comparisons of three of them for Drupal 8 and five of them
  for Drupal 7.
